C:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.deps.json
C:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.runtimeconfig.json
C:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.dll
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.pdb
C:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.Views.dll
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.Views.pdb
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.TagHelpers.input.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.TagHelpers.output.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.Views.pdb
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.dll
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.pdb
C:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Directorio.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\Users\tagiv\OneDrive\Escritorio\proyectos visual code\Directorio\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.2\Razor\Views\Home\Index.g.cshtml.cs
